# Digbeth Accessible
"Digbeth Accessible" a small charity set up in Digbeth to support people with disabilities setting up assessments for disability equipment, helping people apply for benefits, and Providing disability aids and equipment to facilitate independence at home, would like help in setting up some advice website pages that provided advice on assistive technology and adaptions that a person with disabilities could implement when using a computer which I was tasked with creating. The website consists of 6 pages: Homepage, Assistive Technology, Hearing Loss. Sip and Puff (SNP) Devices, Input Devices, Output Devices.  I created this Website for a school project and used HTML, Bootstrap, CSS and Java to develop this website. I used Microsoft Visual Studio Code as my code editor for this project. The project is zipped and has the name "Digbeth Accessible". Once unzipped you find the zipped folder for the website called "Optimsped Website", which is the final optimised website which contains added improvements from client review, "Orignal Website" which consists of the website before additions in evaluation and review.  "Final Wireframes", which is a Zipped Folder and consists of original designs for website pages and the layout of each page.  "Alternative Wireframes", which is a Zipped Folder and consists of alternative designs for webpage pages and their layout. "Mobile Design Wireframes", which is a Zipped Folder and consists of mobile designs for web pages and their layout. "Client Requirements" which consist of: Intended audience for the project, Summary of the issues to be solved for the project, Constraints of the project, Benefits of the project, Type of interactivity and Complexity of the site. "Code Validation" which consists of: Validation of HTML Code, Validation of CSS Code and Validation of Javascript Code. "Evaluation" which consists of: a review of the Original Requirements vs. the Finished product and Optimisation from feedback. "Functionality test form" which consists of: Comprehensive testing of the form. "Main Test Plan" which consist of: Testing for Appearance/Usability, Testing for Functionality, Testing for Compatibility, Testing for Responsive design and SPAG. "Techincal Document" which consist of: Colour pallet for the website, Typography for Heading tag H1, Typography for Heading tag H2, Typography for Paragraph tag p, Interactive features of the website, Functionality of the form and Site map for the website. 
